h1. Ruxtape: A Ruby Mixtape

Ruxtape is a ruby-based mixtape that allows you to share personal playlists with your friends or family.  You can create playlists for your friends, sharing with them is easy, as they just need to have the link and a flash player in their brower.  It is *not* intended as a way to share music, nor pirate any copyrighted material.  Make sure that you have the copyright owner's permission before sharing your Ruxtape.  It was inspired by "opentape":http://opentape.fm.

h2. Requirements

We've included all the libraries that you should need along with Ruxtape, so you should not have to monkey around with anything except the following items, listed below:

* Ruby >= 1.8.4
* RubyGems >= 1.1
* a valid OpenID login

h2. Installing



h2. Deploying

Ruxtape has a sample rack adapter included to make deployment quite simple.  Of course, it comes with it's own Camping Server so you can simply type @./camping .@ from the root directory and Ruxtape will be available on port 3000.  You can also copy @examples/example.config.ru@ to the root directory and use anything that Rack supports.  The included rack config file words wonderfully with Phusion Passenger.  Deployment should be as simple as copying the Rack config file from

h2. Troubleshooting

<dl>
 <dt>I'm trying to upload files but they aren't appearing.</dt>
 <dd>Make sure that RUXTAPE_ROOT/public/songs is writable by the process that your web server is running as.</dd>
</dl>

h2. Contributing

All contributions are welcome, simply fork or clone the "Ruxtape Repository":https://github.com/ch0wda/ruxtape, make your changes and send a pull request.  Our goal is to keep this application simple and so we're focused on keeping the lines of code ~< 400. 

h2. Contributors

* "John Andrews":http://github.com/jxa
* "Kris Hedges":http://github.com/InkSpeck

h2. License

Except where individual components are licensed under a different license, Ruxtape is licensed under the following license:

Copyright (c) 2008 Josh Schairbaum

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
